--- 04/12/2025 ---
1. Deep learning methods identified a large and evolutionarily conserved X-linked low recombination region in placental mammals. It serves as both a barrier to gene flow in hybridizing lineages and an accurate phylogenomic marker.
2. Researchers combined deep learning with high-resolution physics to create the first Milky Way model. Their AI learned how gas behaves after supernovae, removing one of the biggest computational bottlenecks.
3. Laurence Moroney, director of AI at Arm, joins Ben Lorica to chat about the state of deep learning frameworks. Listen in for Laurence’s thoughts about posttraining; t…
4. eForth in C/C++ - multi-platform (Linux,MacOS,Windows,ESP32,WASM) - chochain/eforth.
5. Deep learning models simultaneously trained on multiple datasets improve base-editing activity prediction. CRISPR base editing enables the precise introduction of single-nucleotide mutations in the genome.
6. Deep learning-based multiscale integration of spatial omics with tumor morphology. Spatial transcriptomics technologies are still too restrictive for widespread clinical use. M ISO is a deep learning framework that allo…
7. Zamboni et al. reveal how enhancers encode cell-type-specific responses to CNS injury. By combining multiomic profiling, deep learning and in vivo screening, they uncover injury-responsive enhancer logic and enable targeting of reactive astrocytes.
8. A deep learning model for epidermal growth factor receptor prediction using ensemble residual convolutional neural network.
9. The feature is opt-in, but still raises concerns about privacy. Called "Chemistry" it asks users interactive questions.
10. Researchers Discover Two Mysterious Voids in Giza Pyramid. A strangely smooth expanse of granite on the Menkaure Pyramid might be a second entrance.
11. A glasses-free three-dimensional display, which is as large as a conventional desktop screen and has a viewing angle larger than 100°, is achieved by an artificial intelligence-powered optimization algorithm.
12. We apparently have more in common with some shorebirds than we previously thought. Humans can Detect Buried Objects Without Touching Them.
13. A comprehensive, technical guide to understanding Artificial Intelligence from first principles. Built for experienced engineers who want to deeply understand how AI actually works.
14. AI Image of Hurricane Melissa Featuring Birds “Larger Than Football Fields” Goes Viral. "This will be in meteorology textbooks," says one expert.
15. CUDA Ontology, CUDA&rsquo;s terminology carries significant overloading. CUDA itself refers to at least five distinct concepts.
16. The Fastest Aircraft of World War II, Ranked. When you think about World War Two, you probably picture tanks crawling through Europe or ships battling it out in the Pacific. But the real ...
17. Some of the most memorable classic cars in automotive history had the shortest runs on the production line. These one-year wonders weren’t necessarily...
18. The American automotive landscape has seen some incredible success stories, from the Ford Model T to the Tesla Model S. But for every triumph, there have been some of the worst cars ever sold.
19. This article celebrates 10 moments when Detroit automakers stuffed high-performance engines into pickup trucks. From the Dodge Lil...
20. Has Steampunk Delivered the Hoverboard? The hoverboard is both a marvel of technology and a source of hacker parts that have appeared in so many projects on these pages. It contains an accelero… read more.
21. Deep-learning pioneer LeCun is also in early talks to raise funds for a new venture, according to the report.
22. So Long, Firefox, Part One. On September 23rd, 2002, a new web browser was re-launched.
23. The sixth Community Asks Sprint, which is the final one of 2025, has now concluded. The focus was on site design and usability, and we got a number of requests for things to improve. The first ask we received was for a copy button for code blocks.
24. Taiwan's Smart Tech Revolution: Innovation Meets Intelligence. These Taiwan Excellence Award-winning companies are combining innovation, design and everyday practicality to shape the future of smart living.
--- 06/12/2025 ---
1. Deep learning methods identified a large and evolutionarily conserved X-linked low recombination region in placental mammals. It serves as both a barrier to gene flow in hybridizing lineages and an accurate phylogenomic marker.
2. Researchers combined deep learning with high-resolution physics to create the first Milky Way model. Their AI learned how gas behaves after supernovae, removing one of the biggest computational bottlenecks.
3. Laurence Moroney, director of AI at Arm, joins Ben Lorica to chat about the state of deep learning frameworks. Listen in for Laurence’s thoughts about posttraining; t…
4. eForth in C/C++ - multi-platform (Linux,MacOS,Windows,ESP32,WASM) - chochain/eforth.
5. Deep learning models simultaneously trained on multiple datasets improve base-editing activity prediction. CRISPR base editing enables the precise introduction of single-nucleotide mutations in the genome.
6. Deep learning-based multiscale integration of spatial omics with tumor morphology. Spatial transcriptomics technologies are still too restrictive for widespread clinical use. M ISO is a deep learning framework that allo…
7. Zamboni et al. reveal how enhancers encode cell-type-specific responses to CNS injury. By combining multiomic profiling, deep learning and in vivo screening, they uncover injury-responsive enhancer logic and enable targeting of reactive astrocytes.
8. The feature is opt-in, but still raises concerns about privacy. Called "Chemistry" it asks users interactive questions.
9. Researchers Discover Two Mysterious Voids in Giza Pyramid. A strangely smooth expanse of granite on the Menkaure Pyramid might be a second entrance.
10. A glasses-free three-dimensional display, which is as large as a conventional desktop screen and has a viewing angle larger than 100°, is achieved by an artificial intelligence-powered optimization algorithm.
11. We apparently have more in common with some shorebirds than we previously thought. Humans can Detect Buried Objects Without Touching Them.
12. CUDA Ontology, CUDA&rsquo;s terminology carries significant overloading. CUDA itself refers to at least five distinct concepts.
13. The Fastest Aircraft of World War II, Ranked. When you think about World War Two, you probably picture tanks crawling through Europe or ships battling it out in the Pacific. But the real ...
14. Some of the most memorable classic cars in automotive history had the shortest runs on the production line. These one-year wonders weren’t necessarily...
15. Mac System 7 On a G4? Why Not! Over the many years Apple Computer have been in operation, they have made a success of nearly-seamlessly transitioning multiple times between both operating systems and their underlying architecture.
16. The American automotive landscape has seen some incredible success stories, from the Ford Model T to the Tesla Model S. But for every triumph, there have been some of the worst cars ever sold.
17. This article celebrates 10 moments when Detroit automakers stuffed high-performance engines into pickup trucks. From the Dodge Lil...
18. Has Steampunk Delivered the Hoverboard? The hoverboard is both a marvel of technology and a source of hacker parts that have appeared in so many projects on these pages. It contains an accelero… read more.
19. Deep-learning pioneer LeCun is also in early talks to raise funds for a new venture, according to the report.
20. So Long, Firefox, Part One. On September 23rd, 2002, a new web browser was re-launched.
21. The sixth Community Asks Sprint, which is the final one of 2025, has now concluded. The focus was on site design and usability, and we got a number of requests for things to improve. The first ask we received was for a copy button for code blocks.
22. Taiwan's Smart Tech Revolution: Innovation Meets Intelligence. These Taiwan Excellence Award-winning companies are combining innovation, design and everyday practicality to shape the future of smart living.
23. Kentstone84/APEX-GPU is an open-source CUDA toolkit. It lets you run CUDA apps on AMD GPUs without recompilation.
24. Devi Parikh is a former senior director of GenAI at Meta. She is now co-CEO of an AI company. Parikh says you don't need a Ph.D. to do cutting-edge work in the field.
--- 08/12/2025 ---
1. Accurate Mediterranean Sea forecasting via graph-based deep learning. Scientific Reports - Accurate Mediterranean sea forecasting viaGraph-basedDeepLearning.
2. Deep learning assisted LDPC decoding for 5G IoT networks in fading environments, Scientific Reports - Correction.
3. Scientific Reports - Deep learning for microbial life detection in deep subseafloor samples: objective cell recognition.
4. Xiaomi has unveiled MiMo-Embodied, an open-source foundational model that integrates autonomous driving with embodied intelligence. The research team includes Fuli Luo, a former DeepSeek deep learning researcher who recently joined Xiaomi.
5. Scientific Reports - The remote sensing method for large-scale asphalt pavement aging assessment with automated sample generation and deep learning.
6. Deep learning classification of INSV-associated weeds in Monterey county using a curated RGB image dataset.
7. A novel two-stage deep learning approach for lung cancer using enhanced ResNet50 segmentation and LungSwarmNet classification.
8. Deep Learning Architectures for Code-Modulated Visual Evoked Potentials Detection, Non-invasive Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCIs) based on C-VEPs. This study proposes and evaluates severa…
9. Deep learning-based object detection of restorative dental instruments with potential implications for workflow automation and infection control.
10. Automated C. elegans behavior analysis via deep learning-based detection and tracking. Studying the behavior of the worm is crucial for understanding genetics and neurobiology. manually tracking its movements is slow and impractical for large experiments.
11. A.I. Pioneer Yoshua Bengio Becomes 1st Living Scientist With 1M Google Scholar Citations. Deep learning pioneer hits one million Google Scholar citations.
12. A language model is a mathematical model that describes a human language as a probability distribution over its vocabulary. To train a deep learning network to model a language, you need to identify the vocabulary and learn its probability distribution.
13. Harnessing artificial intelligence to advance CRISPR-based genome editing technologies. The authors review how artificial intelligence, including deep learning, is advancing genome editing.
14. How Deep Learning Is Teaching Marketers to Think Smarter. In marketing, AI is most broadly known for developing creative assets. But given the wealth of available […]
15. I first got into deep learning in 2012, when AlexNet came out. I was CTO of Jetpac, a startup that aimed to provide information about bars, hotels, and restaurants by analyzing public photos. The results …
--- 09/12/2025 ---
1. Intelligent retinal disease detection using deep learning, Scientific Reports. Scientific Reports - Intelligent retinal Disease detection usingdeep learning.
2. There are plenty of well-known models among the 8-bit machines of the 1980s. They were merely the stars among a plethora of others, and eve…
--- 13/12/2025 ---
1. First-of-Its-Kind AI Digital Biomarker for Chronic Stress. Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine researchers unveil a new artificial intelligence (AI) deep learning digital biomarker.
2. How to launch a Deep Learning VM on Google Cloud. Setting up a local Deep Learning environment can be a headache. Google Cloud and Canonical work toget…
3. Real-time concrete strength monitoring using piezoelectric sensors and deep learning. Traditional concrete testing can be labour-intensive and limited in accuracy, consistency, and real-time applicability.
4. The new 'Redstone' AI upscaler makes PC games look better, but it would be truly spectacular on consoles or handhelds.
5. Shelf Life Extended: Hacking E-Waste Tags into Conference Badges. Ever wonder what happens to those digital price tags you see in stores once they run out of juice? In what is a prime example of e-waste, many of those price tags are made with
6. 11 Forgotten 90s Cars That Are Still Fast by Today's Standards. Models like the Mitsubishi 3000GT VR-4, Nissan...
--- 15/12/2025 ---
1. Automaker Tata Motors unveils funky new vehicle with head-turning design. Tata Motors: 'Awesome little thing', "Good step forward."
1. These Seemingly Normal Cars are Actually Extremely Rare. We all know about the Ferraris and Lamborghinis that make headlines with their limited production runs. But some of the rarest cars on American roads are...
1. Researchers used a deep learning AI model to uncover the first imaging-based biomarker of chronic stress by measuring adrenal gland volume on routine CT scans. This new metric, the Adrenal Volume Index, correlates strongly with cortisol levels.
--- 16/12/2025 ---
1. Deep learning (DL)-based automated treatment planning has the potential to improve radiotherapy planning for patients in cancer. How best to implement them in the clinic is less clear. Authors propose a hybrid strategy to develop a DL-based autom…
2. MultiCell is a deep learning method to capture complex cell dynamics during multicellular development.
1. The 1970s gave us muscle cars, oil crises, and some truly wild automotive experiments. While everyone's chasing Camaros and Corvettes at auctions, there’s a ...
--- 17/12/2025 ---
1. CellPaint-POSH combines pooled CRISPR screening with Cell Painting. Using self-supervised deep learning on cell images, the method enables discovery of gene function and biological networks.
1. Google is launching an experimental agent to comb through your emails, calendar, and documents to deliver a briefing to your inbox every morning. The new feature, calle…
1. Meet CC, Google's new way to organize your hectic schedule. It will help you keep on top of tasks, and follow up with everyone you need to.
--- 18/12/2025 ---
1. Google's CC AI agent is a morning brief for early birds that taps into Workspace. Google Labs launched its AI agent test, CC, which creates a daily morning brief.
1. Google is experimenting with CC, which sends users emails to help manage to-do lists and tasks. Google CC Is A Gmail Assistant That Emails You Every Morning.
--- 20/12/2025 ---
1. Google Labs debuted its new productivity tool, CC, which generates morning briefings using AI. It was great for sifting through my spam folder.
--- 22/12/2025 ---
1. The 3 Deep Learning Stocks That Could Be Worth 50% More by 2027, None.
--- 23/12/2025 ---
1. Yoshua Bengio, known as one of the "AI godfathers," said that while more jobs will be automated by AI, human qualities like love will always be valuable.
--- 29/12/2025 ---
1. A library for reproducible deep learning. Contribute to microsoft/RepDL development by creating a GitHub account.
--- 31/12/2025 ---
1. A friend of mine is producing a series of HOWTO videos for an open source project. He needed a better microphone than the one built into his laptop. Upon searching, he was face…
--- 01/01/2026 ---
1. Epidemic dynamics prediction using fractional SIRD and deep learning, Scientific Reports.
--- 02/01/2026 ---
1. Jon Peddie’s The Graphics Chip Chronicles On Graphics Controller History. Using computers that feature a high-resolution, full-color graphical interface is commonplace today. It took a lot of effort and ingenuity to get to this point.
--- 03/01/2026 ---
1. ChatGPT Glossary: 61 AI Terms Everyone Should Know. This glossary will help you stay up-to-date.
1. The RA1000’s 996 cc V-twin starts from the Aprilia Shiver. Access to Aprilia's engine tech gave Cyclone a shortcut most emerging manufacturers would kill for. Cyclone RA1000 vs Ducati Diavel: How Close Does China's 996
--- 06/01/2026 ---
1. This work introduces an in-situ nano-displacement measurement system via a multimode fiber probe with superoscillatory speckles and deep learning. It achieves 10 nm resolution and 99.95% accuracy for wafers.
--- 07/01/2026 ---
1. Knowledge graph-enhanced deep learning for pharmaceutical demand forecasting. Scientific Reports - Knowledge graph- Enhanced Deep Learning for Pharmaceutical Demand Forecasting.
1. N Nvidia announces DLSS 4.5 with 6x Frame Generation and improved image quality. DLSS includes Nvidia's second-generation Super Resolution transformer model and a new 6x Multi Frame Generation mode.
1. DLSS isn’t done evolving, even if it means more and more AI. Nvidia Is Pushing the Number of Fake Frames for Games to Ludicrous Levels.
--- 09/01/2026 ---
1. Bayesian deep learning for probabilistic aquifer vulnerability and uncertainty prediction. Groundwater is the planet’s largest distributed store of freshwater. Yet aquifers are still managed largely with static, deterministic vulnerability indices.
